Shen Family Gift Knife
Grandpa Gao
This is the Kako I prepared for you.
Ahahahaha!
Xu Wenjie, are you so fucking talented?
Shen Wansan will take a radish to make you thin
shameful
You soft-eating trash
Go away
Xu Wenjie, you
Grandpa Wenjie, he is just joking with you.
Don't argue with him
Frog in the Well
It blooms every 30 years.
Ginseng fruit with one result in 50 years
Although he looks like a radish
But it has ginseng that is more than a thousand years old
And strong taste
Although it is not enough to dissolve the heart grass
It will be worth over a billion
That person just said
This is a congratulatory gift from the Shen family
It has nothing to do with him Xu Wenjie
He is the impostor.
If there are really 100 million
Then why are you in our Gao family?
I've been eating and drinking for three years
It is not my own judgment whether it is ripe enough or ripe
Or we can stop and have a meal together
I want you all to get out of here
Eat more
Xu Wenjie, how many people do you have?
Wenjie, since you have contacted Wan San
You should also know what happened back then.
Yes oops
I will marry Lan Lan to you
I just want him to be you
The dinosaur house of unicorn seed life
Keep you two well
Live a safe life
Me and him
Divorced? What?
Oops, the trapped dragon lock has disappeared
Your dragon is afraid to soar to the sky
I will definitely avenge the revenge of that year
And I will hit the dragon's heart grass
Save my mother
Mr. Xu is not well
Miss Body is poisoned
What!
I'll be right there.
Grandpa, I have something to go out first
I see.
You are so willful
The one who indulges is the talent of the unicorn
The supreme among men